ladies and gentlemen welcome on board
this piaggio arrow p180 a van t2
aircraft we kindly ask you to pay full
attention to the following presentation
of the safety procedures for this
aircraft when the seatbelt sign is on
please fasten your seatbelt and adjust
it accordingly for your own safety
we recommend that your seatbelt should
be kept fastened at all times during the
flight in preparation for takeoff and
landing please make sure that the seats
are secured and aligned in the full
outboard position and that the backrest
of your seat is in the full upright
position tables must be securely stowed
as well as video monitors and any loose
equipment all drawers and lids must be
closed in the case of a loss of cabin
pressure oxygen masks will automatically
be released in front of you if this
occurs please pull the mask towards you
to cover your nose and mouth place the
rubber band around your head and breathe
normally the mask is working normally
even if the plastic bag in the front of
it does not inflate put your own mask on
first and then help any other passengers
who may need assistance please take a
moment to locate the emergency exits of
this aircraft leave the aircraft through
these emergency exits if necessary and
move quickly away from the aircraft
lifejackets are located underneath your
seat if so instructed by the crew
place the lifejacket over your head
latch and tighten the straps around your
waist pull the red tab for inflation
only when you are outside the cabin
please ask the crew for information
about the use of any mobile phones or
electronic devices whilst on the flight
we would also remind you that smoking is
not permitted onboard the aircraft at
any time for further information please
read the supplied safety instruction
card your crew are completely trained to
carry out all emergency procedures
piaggio arrow thanks you for your
attention and wishes you and
like
you